feat(clerk-js,react,types): Add option to enable combined flow at component level (#4799)
clerk/javascript: .changeset/cuddly-shrimps-fold.md

---
'@clerk/clerk-js': patch
'@clerk/clerk-react': patch
'@clerk/types': patch
---

> Add option to allow a `<SignIn />` component instance to opt into the combined flow.

Author: ```suggestion
Add option to allow a `<SignIn />` component instance to opt into the sign-in-or-up flow.
```
